[DOCS-14320] Update Datadog Apps page based on SME feedback (#36524)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/actions/datadog_apps.md

## Overview

With Apps, you build applications locally as code with React and TypeScript (or JavaScript), using your standard development workflow.

> Apps use the same [permissions model][1] as App Builder apps and can also be embedded in other Datadog products such as [dashboards and IDPs][2].

Reviewer: "IDP" could be confused with "Identity Provider". The forms page (`content/en/actions/forms/_index.md`) spells it out as "internal developer portal (IDP)." Recommend doing the same here.

```suggestion
Apps use the same [permissions model][1] as App Builder apps and can also be embedded in other Datadog products such as [dashboards and the Internal Developer Portal][2].
```
